winners don't use drugs and winners also
fire their rocket launchers while
driving their porsche into dumpsters
this is narc released to arcades in 1988
by williams and designed by eugene
jarvis the mighty vid kid that brought
us classics like defender Robotron 2084
and smash TV
and to the dismay of everyone's mom
narcs smacked its way into arcades with
a splash of blood and dismembered body
parts
so narc broke some new ground with its
adult themes drug references and
over-the-top violence but it still
delivers some great hectic arcade
shooting gameplay that we've come to
expect from Jarvis you can be blue guy
or red guy
aka max force and hitman and armed with
a machine gun and rocket launcher your
mission is to stop the drug lord mr. big
and his army of pushers junkies hippies
and psychotic clowns
you can certainly shoot first and ask
questions later but for some extra
points you can also bust those bad guys
if you can get close enough to slap the
cuffs on them you'll also be able to
push your high scores to the max by
picking up dropped cash and bags of
magical pixie dust but where maybe by
blowing up meth labs and confiscating
pot plants overall the game is a great
mix of outlandish action and provides
some serious challenge amidst its
unrelenting carnage in fact this game
deserves its own new word in the gaming
dictionary gnar cage
and narc also made some technological
waves with its use of great digitized
graphics and sound and equipped its
cabinets with monitors with higher
resolution than most of the other arcade
screens at the time and on top of that
it used a 32-bit processor so you'll
have a lot of fun blasting away Street
trash and vibrant colors and a pulsating
musical score just be ready to keep a
finger on that continued button
the game was also ported to other
platforms like the NES and commodore 64
with some lackluster results but thanks
to emulations like the one included with
Midway arcade treasures - we can finally
play through the game in its original
splendor without the fear of using ten
bucks worth of quarters I will mention
though at least in the gamecube version
that I'm playing here sometimes there is
a glitch that prevents the music from
playing properly but otherwise the
gameplay is completely intact
so if you're looking for a rambunctious
and violent arcade shooter with a
twisted sense of humor this game is
right up your alley the same alley that
all those crack dealers hang out in and
if this review got you hooked already be
sure to stop on by the CGR gameplay
channel as well
for my full walkthrough coverage of narc